adding course callouts to certain pages (#8060)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/unit-tests.md

- Redshift customers need to be aware of a [limitation when building unit tests](/reference/resource-configs/redshift-configs#unit-test-limitations) that requires a workaround.
- Redshift sources need to be in the same database as the models.

> :::info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
```

> If you enjoy video courses, check out our [Unit tests on-demand course](https://learn.getdbt.com/learn/course/unit-testing/welcome-to-unit-testing-5min/introduction-to-unit-testing) to learn how to add unit tests and more!

Reviewer: Non-blocker suggestion:
```suggestion
Check out our [Unit tests on-demand course](https://learn.getdbt.com/learn/course/unit-testing/welcome-to-unit-testing-5min/introduction-to-unit-testing) to learn how to add unit tests and more!
```

> If you enjoy video courses, check out our [Unit tests on-demand course](https://learn.getdbt.com/learn/course/unit-testing/welcome-to-unit-testing-5min/introduction-to-unit-testing) to learn when and how to add, run, troubleshoot, and edit unit tests within a dbt environment, 

Author: ```suggestion
If you enjoy video courses, check out our [Unit tests on-demand course](https://learn.getdbt.com/learn/course/unit-testing/welcome-to-unit-testing-5min/introduction-to-unit-testing) to learn how to add unit tests and more!
```
